---
title: SG's 58th Birthday@TPSS
permalink: /tampinesians-connect/reflections/permalink/ndp2023/
date: 2023-09-30
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Written by:</strong> Leila Koh Jit Man &amp; Annalyn Lee Nian En (3E2)</p><p>HAPPY BIRTHDAY SINGAPORE! Singapore has faced many ups and downs, growing from a small island port to a blooming garden city where people are free to roam and live in harmony. This year marked our country's 58th birthday and Tampinesians were keen to celebrate together as a school on the 8th of August, a day from the actual occasion.</p><p>The celebrations were divided into three parts, starting with an observance ceremony held at the school field in collaboration with Tampines Primary School. Students and teachers alike were adorned in red and white shirts except for the uniform groups. We sang the national anthem and recited the pledge before the parade commenced. It was quite a sight to see the various cadets proudly standing on command and marching in tandem with one another as the school band played in the background. I was also quite amused by the residents who’d come out of their flats to watch from the HDBs that overlooked the field. I guess they also wanted to experience the festivities with us!</p><p>Part two of the celebrations consisted of some class time where each class had to build a diorama of some part of Singapore which would then be collected and constructed into a larger art piece. We'd been reminded to bring clean recycled materials to make said diorama and for someone who enjoys art like me, this was the highlight of the whole celebration! From tearing and crumpling bits of newspapers to act as grass, to cutting plastic bottles, toilet rolls for buildings, and yarn for roads, it was a blast to create something together as a class and the added bonus of the whole project being more eco-friendly made it all the more better and rewarding for us!</p>